Hello and welcome back to the course and Paria in today's tutorial we're going to tidy up our resolution
and we're going to add another chart to finalize everything.
All right so let's get started.
We're going to duplicate this page because it's page four.
All right.
So the first thing I want to do is we want to add the extra charge.
And I was kind of like playing around with it and thinking we want to add.
And I decided that we're going to add a donor chart.
All right there is a donor chart.
And so what are we going to display on this.
So first of all let's move this a bit to the left.
So what are we going to display on this donor chart.
We're going to look.
Don't try to like something as a pie chart it doesn't have this middle part which is how the whole in
the middle of the pie.
So we need a category and an America value.
So for the numeric value is the profit.
And for the category let's take order date so you can really take anything like right now it's telling
you how the profits split by different years.
But you can take anything for that category if you like.
You could take segment and just take ordered it out right.
Or you could just replace it here.
You could take a state but then there would be way too many of them on the donor charts or so there's
quite a lot of things that you can choose who are actual category from the second table.
So there's a lot of things you can choose from.
I'm just going to take order date because that way I can quickly tell which year was most powerful.
I'm not even going to drill down.
So you could drill down in quarters like this.
Remember this drilling.
It gives us the quarters regardless of the year.
So then there's still a few of them if you go like this and there's way too many quarters right.
So again way too many months.
But if you drill down like this you know even over the months there is only 12 of them even though we
have three different years 2011 12 13 14 actually four years.
So even though we have lots of years we only have several months so this is another example of when
drilling down followed preserving the higher level and you hardly can be useful.
So if you want to look at just quarters.
You drill down like this and then when you switch over you can tell in which region which quarter is
our most profitable overall despite the you know we're going to keep it at your level like that.
OK.
So that's the chart we wanted to add.
And how do we know tidy everything up to make it look fantastic.
And this is actually a a skill in its own the something that you developed with time and something that
you really need to focus on to practice it like for me takes time to understand for each individual
dashboard what how it will look like the best.
And so I'm not just making this up right now as we go I practice this a little bit before it took me
maybe 20 minutes to figure it out but I think I think the way I like this dashboard is I'm just going
to show you now.
So if we put this down here right and then if we zoom in a little bit to consume more.
So zoom in like that and maybe like the wind that's about that size.
Then this.
This chart shows at the top and maybe takes a bit more space.
This one goes here.
There we go.
So I know it's a bit it's a bit difficult with them floating all over the place.
But with patience you can get it sorted out pretty nicely.
So maybe like that
hire you go
and she may be back.
Let's put it back a.
All right.
There we go.
So we're pretty much done.
Just maybe a bit higher this one they're all kind of lined up.
All right so that's good.
The other thing that I'd like to change here is just kind of like fix up the titles and stuff like that
so.
So we're eating cereal looks better so let's go here and we're going to click that color and we'll drop
down the title and change this to 12.
So that is consistent Tuttle and she is just 12.
Then here we go to this one first title and she's just 12 as well.
You can actually change the title text if you like.
I'm just going to keep this one then the other thing here is this Ken looks alienated when you don't
have any boxes on it.
This looks like a bit empty.
So we're going to add it up to you you can either add a background so you can a background and for instance
something like like that.
So it's it's easy to spot that it's a control or what I'm going to do is I'm going to change that to
a border I'm going out a border but I'm going to make it as dark and going to make it a bit lighter.
There we go.
And now even when it's unchecked you can see that something's going on there and it's inviting the user
to click it.
OK so that's safe.
And what else.
Oh so now like you can see it's jumping around you can see the profits changing and you can change the
years.
Right so again everything is changing.
The only thing that I would adjust as well is like now in this layout.
I don't know like it depending on what you feel like remember this chart.
We fixed the we fix the x and y axis so that doesn't change.
Let's have a look at what will look like if we do that.
Have a look at this chart.
So x axis and click enter enter.
Click Enter.
So let's have a look.
It's a bit more zoomed in.
So it depends on it depends on your preference and what your goal is if you want to compare side by
side and you want to actually have it locked.
Then you might want to look how it looks so that you can compare different regions in different time
periods without it changing then you might have a lot if you want to actually just drill in further
so you can see better when you go into like Central you want to understand what's going on in Central
and you don't really you don't really focus on comparing different regions side by side.
You just you just want to get into this one and you want to like look at what's going on so you want
a better view.
You want to be zoomed in when you want to.
You might want to keep it like that.
So it's totally up to you how you'd like to do it.
And that pretty much brings us to the end.
As you can see the dashboard is much more friendlier now than what we had here.
So this is what we had before.
Like it is functional and you can get inside.
But then when you just put your mind to it and you know that you've got a finished product you just
want to make it really pretty.
It takes some time but eventually as you can see this one looks much better.
All right so hopefully you enjoyed today's tutorial and I look forward to seeing you on the next one.
Until then happy analyzing.